The second sister-in-law’s art is indeed very good.
He is several times more powerful than the public doctors.
I wonder if my second sister-in-law is interested in going to the hospital.
I promise, there will be plenty of money,
Few things. More money, less things.
Cheng Fu’s medical manager is also very busy now.
It may be difficult to understand.
That's really a pity. I also plan to marry my second sister-in-law,
She is a female medical official in China.
Your Majesty, your identity is possible,
It is difficult to express your expectations.
Yes, thank you Lord Rowan,
If nothing happens, it's really time to quit.
I'm married to a girl again
It might be considered the time for the Mian Qing Dynasty.
Can I still make a lot of money with Lilong?
You are alone in enemy territory
Is the story of Lonely Enemy Land good?
Is it still there?
I can't do it anymore
The emperor's heart
What nonsense are you talking about? No sin. One sin. No sin. King.
The emperor said that he has something to do with you.
I want you to go back
Wait until the king knows
I go and come
Do you want to go back, princess?
Let's go over here and take a rest, good princess.
Just wait here for a while and you won't be my second sister-in-law.
Don't miss it, walk slowly
I think what level you are at?